


Welcome To Our Frequently Asked Questions  (FAQ) Page 


Choosing an ideal software solution for your school based on current and future administrative, logistics and optimal operational needs
is a very important decision.

          
          You know this… and we definitely understand this as well.

We also understand your need to get it right the first time… or to at least get an idea of what you are getting into,  to get timely but comprehensive answers to those initial, numerous and  nagging questions you might have concerning our school-management software and its ability to deliver to your school’s satisfaction.
Before making the all-important choice of which campus management software to work with.

That is why we set up this FAQ page… so you, our potential client can rest easy, knowing that we are here to fully support you and your school.

Please feel free to read through our FAQs.
Got any other question(s) not listed here?
Send us an email to that effect and we will be sure to send you  a reply to your inquiries within the shortest possible time.
Thank You For Your Interest And Welcome To The Family!

What is School-Management –System?
School-Management-System is a free, open source, user-friendly, dependable and comprehensive web-based school management software designed to provide seamless accounting, student data record-keeping and school staff management services for school owners and administrators in order to help them make timely, better and smarter school management decisions in the daily running of their schools.


What Kind Of Solutions Does Your Software Offer?
Our software provides an accurate, optimal and user-friendly platform for schools and school managers to conveniently create, record, store and retrieve all forms of critical data concerning their school activities. Best of all, it’s all free to use.

There Are Many Other School Management Software Out There, So Why Should I Choose School-Management-System?
It’s quite simple. Here are some reasons to consider us.
•	Our services are totally open source, which means we charge your school absolutely nothing for you to get set-up on our software system.

•	We offer school management software that comparable in terms of quality and service to the so-called “big ones” out there. Helping our clients know in real time how many students are attending classes, the Parents’ contact details of each student, or generating reports on school fee payments for each student. These are just some of the many solutions our clients get to enjoy with our School Management System.


•	We also provide outstanding software training and our support assistance is only a call or email away at any time.

What Do You Mean By “Web-Based” Software? Is It Unavailable For Download And Installation?
School-Management-System is available online at anytime using most internet enabled devices. This is done to reduce costs and provide better security for your data. We also have an offline version available as well.

What About The Hosting Server?
We manage the hosting servers for the School-Management-System.

I want to use my school server. Can you help with the installation?
No problem. Simply get in touch with us as soon as possible, let’s discuss further.

Can I Export Or Import Data Within Or Out Of The Software?
Yes you can do so at anytime… with the right permissions / authority of course.

How Secure Is The Software And How Confident Should I Be Of My School’s Data Security?
We can assure you that all your school’s students data and other operational records will never be lost, hacked or accessed by anyone without the authorized prior approval.

What About Backup?
We provide automatic data backup systems which enables quick retrieval of your saved data at anytime.

I Want Some Unique Custom Features To Be Added To My School’s Version Of The Software. Can This Be Done?
Absolutely. We can provide custom enhancements and features on demands. Simply get in touch with us, let’s discuss it further.

What Is The Maximum Number Of Student Records  Your Software Can Manage?
There are no limits to the number of student records or school data that can be created using the School-Management-System Software.

Is It Possible To Select The Features My School Needs Now And Add Others Later On?
Most features on our software can be added or deleted at the request of the client. You are welcome to send us a mail here … to that effect.

Is There A Trial Or Demo Version Of The Software For Me To Test Run Right Now?
Yes. The demo version of School-Management-System is available here

What If Later On, I Decide To Leave or opt out of the School-Management-System?
Our amazing service and technical support guarantees that won’t ever happen… But if for any reason you decide to move to another platform be rest assured that all your saved school records and data will be safely transferred or sent to you on request… no questions asked, no obligations in any way.

I am ready to use the School-Management-Software to run my school efficiently and effectively. Where Do I get started?
Thank you for choosing us. Click here to sign up now.


