



   Proudly OpenSource….
Finally, An Innovative School Management System  That You Can Rely On
Run Your School Operations  To The Next Level… With No Hidden,Cumulative  Or Cutthroat Fees






Sign Up And Join Our League Of Satisfied Users Now
School-Management System is a cloud based open source, intuitive and responsive school management application designed to help school owners, principals, administrators or managers to run all aspects of their schools effectively and grow their educational institution business rapidly.

                           
                           Innovative School Management, The Stress-Free Way


Specifically built to record, track and improve the learning process and progress of your students, while monitoring the performance of your teachers and other critical non-teaching staff…

School-management System is an all round solution to your school’s data collection and management needs.

                                 Best Of All, Since It Is 100% Open Source, It’s All For Free … 
    
                                 No Hidden Charges, No Cutthroat Upfront Or Cumulative Fees!


From the ever-present needs of managing student attendance or instantly generating easy-to-read, real-time weekly, monthly or annual reports on assignments, tests, exams or student extracurricular activities.
To the more custom-fit solutions of specific subjects grading, special lesson plans, report card generation and monitoring communication to parents, students and teachers…

                        … School-Management System Can Do It All… Just For You.

                            Sign Up And Join Our League Of Satisfied Users Now




So, Why Should You Choose Our App?

•	Time and Money Savings: 
Our app saves you and your staff members from wasting precious time and expenses needed to require most of the never ending and ridiculously unnecessary  paperwork… on a daily basis.

•	Ease Of Use And Access
Smart, responsive software lets you track, generate and update real-time data for all aspects of your school operations, granting you the opportunity to make better- informed administrative and operational management decisions for your school.

•	Attract The Right Clients
Build a solid reputation and favorable impression for your school in the eyes and minds of prospective tech-savvy parents who want to bring in their kids to a tech-friendly, forward thinking and innovative educational institution.


                             Sign Up And Join Our League Of Satisfied Users Now


•	Highly Secured And Minimal Fraud
With all data collection, access and retrieval done via the internet, all forms of human-based errors, fraudulent activities and questionable data access or manipulation will be eliminated.

•	All Learning Needs And School Types Welcome
Our app is designed as a highly interactive system capable of supporting schools of all sizes, structures or with special needs.

•	Suitable For Special Students
Able to create customized learning plans or educational programmes for students with special needs e.g. matured students, dyslexics, blind students etc.


•	Accessible from anywhere at any time, using an internet connection.
It requires no download or installations or manual updates.




                      Helping You Build & Manage An Efficient And Well-Respected  School Brand.

       
                         
                         Switch over to the School-Management System Advantage 

                          Sign Up And Join Our League Of Satisfied Users Now








 


